[SwiftUI] Fix reused UIHostingController sizing (#152)
airbnb/epoxy-ios: CHANGELOG.md

  batch update.
- Added caching for `visibilityMetadata` calculations.
- Fixed an issue that could cause SwiftUI views to be incorrectly sized in a collection view.

> - Fixed an issue where images were requesting a smaller image than needed due to SwiftUI views being incorrectly sized in a collection view

Reviewer: I think this CHANGELOG entry is a bit too specific - the more general fix it probably something like:

```suggestion
- Fixed an issue that could cause collection view cells to layout with unexpected dimensions
```
